docs: add basic information on new AE connector in 3.18.0 (#874)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/ae/apim/apim-installation.adoc

== Installation

> NOTE: Starting from 3.18, the AE connector comes bundled with API Management, you don't need to download and install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: From APIM version 3.18, you do not need to download and install the AE connector separately - it is shipped as part of the APIM bundle.
```
